# TheCreatorsMind

This project plays with mirrors and allows you to walk through them. A few things to note:

Short guide: Try and walk through the mirrors. There is only one room that you are going to, it's just moving and reflecting as you go through the mirrors. You'll notice you can't see some things in mirrors that you can if you aren't looking into the mirrors and vice versa. This is intended. Code notes are below.

The MirrorManager script had most of it's commented code removed so it was easier to look through but it is currently still being worked on to allow mirrors reflecting other mirrors as that is not supported with Unreal's Planar Reflection. I turned that feature off for this build yet though becuase it isn't done and isn't working properly. (This is why the second line of code in the tick function is commented out). That means that everything from line 480 and below is not being used if you run the build. Additionally, from line 715 down, not all the code is original. I looked through the UE source code for a base to try and build a projection matrix that would make the view closer to planar reflection. My plan was/is to make a lower resolution version of a reflection that is used when the mirror is viewed from another mirror. The reflection only has to be close to a reflection view and the resolution can be lower for these becuase every reflection past the first will be more and more distant. With this being said--this sort of real time nested reflection DOES make a lot of overhead so this effect would certianly be used with care--however it IS necessary for some of the things I want to accomplish.
